My name's Jonathan and I've been in Bethel for eight years.
When I was young and people would ask me what my goals were,
I'd always say it was to find it.
But I don't think I really knew what my goals were at that time.
It took quite a while for me to find out what I really wanted to do.
After I finished school, I did a course for two years in business studies
and then I did work full time.
But I think through my associations,
I started realizing that really there's more
that I could be doing in Jehovah's service.
Because I wanted to taste what Bethel was like,
it made me want to commute.
You can come as a visitor, you can come as a guest,
you can come to see friends that you've got in Bethel.
But it's not the same as actually being in Bethel
and working along with the brothers in the department.
I really enjoy my assignment at Bethel.
So I hope to look after the accommodation.
We get requests from different members of the family to have personal guests.
We may receive requests from other branches
and my job is to try and care for the accommodation needs.
It's a really great privilege to be able to work along and to help the family
and that is what our department does.
Something that I've always felt was it would be nicer to come to Bethel earlier.
I don't know why I waited till I was 23.
So if anyone else is thinking about what are they going to do,
should I try Bethel or just try it?
Because what you experience at Bethel, you'd not regret.